readme.md, before:

# ***Best practices and good to know in C#***
In this document, I'm adding some tips useful for C# development and some best practices good to know. 

## <span style="color: green"><u>**Functions & Methods**</u></span>

### **Lambda expression** 
Useful for one line functions </br>
```bash
public static string EvenOrOdd(int number)
=> number%2 == 0 ? "Even": "Odd";
```


Can also be used that way : </br>
```bash
int[] numbers = { 4, 7, 10 };
int product = numbers.Aggregate(1, (interim, next) => interim * next); 
```
That really shines when you don't want to make multiples lines calculations. Here, the aggregate function works like the `Array.reduce()` in Javascript.
</br>

### **Enumarable.Aggregate**
Applies an accumulator function over a sequence. Usually used for lists or arrays.<br>
<span style="color: red">Require : using System.Linq;</span>


For example, we must get the sum of every number in a given array :
```bash
int[] numbers = { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };
```
We can do that with the aggregate method :
```bash
int sum = numbers.Aggregate((acc, num) => acc + num);
```
The aggregate function works with a lambda expression.<br>
`int sum` will receive the result of the calculation.<br>
`acc` is the accumulator, it will progressively receive the result of each operation and accumulate it.<br>
`num` is the current number to process (1 then 2, then 3, etc.)
<br>
<br> <u>Multiplication with aggregate</u><br>
```bash
int product = numbers.Aggregate(1, (acc, num) => acc * num);
```
`Aggregate(1, ...)` 1 is the default value of the accumulator, if not set, the default value is 0. (That's a huge problem for a multiplication... !)

### **Enumarable.Select**
Return an array or a list with each element modified depending of your instuction inside the Select brackets.<br>
<span style="color: red">Require : using System.Linq;</span>

For example, we must multiply each element of an array by 2.
```bash
int[] numbers = { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };
```
We can do that with the Select method :
```bash
var multipliedNumbers = numbers.Select(num => num * 2);
```

### **Enumarable.Where**
Return an array or a list filtered by a given condition.<br>
<span style="color: red">Require : using System.Linq;</span>
For example, we must multiply each element of an array by 2, <u>but</u> only the ones that are multiples of 2.
```bash
int[] numbers = { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };
```
We can do that with the Select and Where methods :
```bash
var filteredAndMultipliedNumbers = numbers
    .Where(num => num % 2 == 0) //The condition is modulo 2
    .Select(num => num * 2);
```
The result will be a list {4, 8}. (2x2 and 4x2).

## <span style="color: green"><u>**Conversions**</u></span>

### **Int to string**
Where `i` is the integer to convert.
```bash
string a = i.ToString();
string b = Convert.ToString(i);
string c = string.Format("{0}", i);
string d = $"{i}";
string e = "" + i;
string f = string.Empty + i;
string g = new StringBuilder().Append(i).ToString();
```

Commit message:

Docs: :memo: add description about how to merge string arrays

readme.md, after:

# ***Best practices and good to know in C#***
In this document, I'm adding some tips useful for C# development and some best practices good to know. 

## <span style="color: green"><u>**Functions & Methods**</u></span>

### **Lambda expression** 
Useful for one line functions </br>
```bash
public static string EvenOrOdd(int number)
=> number%2 == 0 ? "Even": "Odd";
```


Can also be used that way : </br>
```bash
int[] numbers = { 4, 7, 10 };
int product = numbers.Aggregate(1, (interim, next) => interim * next); 
```
That really shines when you don't want to make multiples lines calculations. Here, the aggregate function works like the `Array.reduce()` in Javascript.
</br>

### **Enumarable.Aggregate**
Applies an accumulator function over a sequence. Usually used for lists or arrays.<br>
<span style="color: red">Require : using System.Linq;</span>


For example, we must get the sum of every number in a given array :
```bash
int[] numbers = { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };
```
We can do that with the aggregate method :
```bash
int sum = numbers.Aggregate((acc, num) => acc + num);
```
The aggregate function works with a lambda expression.<br>
`int sum` will receive the result of the calculation.<br>
`acc` is the accumulator, it will progressively receive the result of each operation and accumulate it.<br>
`num` is the current number to process (1 then 2, then 3, etc.)
<br>
<br> <u>Multiplication with aggregate</u><br>
```bash
int product = numbers.Aggregate(1, (acc, num) => acc * num);
```
`Aggregate(1, ...)` 1 is the default value of the accumulator, if not set, the default value is 0. (That's a huge problem for a multiplication... !)

### **Enumarable.Select**
Return an array or a list with each element modified depending of your instuction inside the Select brackets.<br>
<span style="color: red">Require : using System.Linq;</span>

For example, we must multiply each element of an array by 2.
```bash
int[] numbers = { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };
```
We can do that with the Select method :
```bash
var multipliedNumbers = numbers.Select(num => num * 2);
```

### **Enumarable.Where**
Return an array or a list filtered by a given condition.<br>
<span style="color: red">Require : using System.Linq;</span>
For example, we must multiply each element of an array by 2, <u>but</u> only the ones that are multiples of 2.
```bash
int[] numbers = { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 };
```
We can do that with the Select and Where methods :
```bash
var filteredAndMultipliedNumbers = numbers
    .Where(num => num % 2 == 0) //The condition is modulo 2
    .Select(num => num * 2);
```
The result will be a list {4, 8}. (2x2 and 4x2).

### **Merge string array values**
A few methods to merge values of an array.<br>
```bash
String.Concat(yourArray);
```
```bash
String.Join("", yourArray); //Where "" is the separator that between each element. 
```


## <span style="color: green"><u>**Conversions**</u></span>

### **Int to string**
Where `i` is the integer to convert.
```bash
string a = i.ToString();
string b = Convert.ToString(i);
string c = string.Format("{0}", i);
string d = $"{i}";
string e = "" + i;
string f = string.Empty + i;
string g = new StringBuilder().Append(i).ToString();
```
